README.md, before:

# Simple MVC PHP Framework

## Description
Some years ago I taught a programming course for a private training school. I built a simple ecommerce with the students. This ecommerce was based on a simple MVC framework based on PHP. Then, people who have continued with code and programming, already had a smattering of what means MVC before get their hands on a real framework. With this repo I am going to show you how create a simple PHP application following the MVC pattern (Model-View-Controller). 

## Requirements
PHP >=7.1.20 
Composer

## Tested on 
PHP 7.1.20 Apache

## Installation
```
git clone https://github.com/gmaccario/simple-mvc-php-framework.git
```
Or download the package from [Github](https://github.com/gmaccario/simple-mvc-php-framework).

Then:
1. Set up and run your webserver (e.g. Apache);
2. Open your browser;
3. Go to the index page (often localhost).

**Note**: if you decided to put the framework into a subfolder, open */config/config.php* and set up the name of the subfolder here *URL_SUBFOLDER*

## # Simple MVC PHP Framework on my blog
https://www.giuseppemaccario.com/how-to-build-a-simple-php-mvc-framework/

Commit message:

Update README because of composer

README.md, after:

# Simple MVC PHP Framework

## Description
Some years ago I taught a programming course for a private training school. I built a simple ecommerce with the students. This ecommerce was based on a simple MVC framework based on PHP. Then, people who have continued with code and programming, already had a smattering of what means MVC before get their hands on a real framework. With this repo I am going to show you how create a simple PHP application following the MVC pattern (Model-View-Controller). 

## Requirements
PHP >=7.1.20 
Composer

## Tested on 
PHP 7.1.20 Apache

## Installation
```
git clone https://github.com/gmaccario/simple-mvc-php-framework.git
```
Or download the package from [Github](https://github.com/gmaccario/simple-mvc-php-framework).

## Composer
After the installation on your local or container, run the following command:
```
composer install
```

Then:
1. Set up and run your webserver (e.g. Apache);
2. Open your browser;
3. Go to the index page (often localhost).

**Note**: if you decided to put the framework into a subfolder, open */config/config.php* and set up the name of the subfolder here *URL_SUBFOLDER*

## # Simple MVC PHP Framework on my blog
https://www.giuseppemaccario.com/how-to-build-a-simple-php-mvc-framework/
